templates/public/feira/2015/sectores-en.md, before:

# TECHNOLOGICAL LIST EXPOMAR 2015

## 1) ENGINE ROOM.

- Drive equipment.
- Diesel Engine Components.
- Equipment and accesories for Diesel Engines.
- Engineroom Equipment.
- Fluid transfer equipment and components.

## 2) EQUIPMENT FOR DECK, HULL AND CARGO.

- Deck equipment.
- Equipment and elements for hull, masrting and rigging.
- Fishing tackles, equipment and accesories.

## 3) NAVAL ELECTRICITY AND ELECTRONICS.

- Naval Electricity.
- Navigation aid equipment.
- Navegation systems.

## 4) OUTFIT OF ACCOMMODATION.

- Accommodation and air conditioning.

## 5) SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR SHIPS.

- Special equipment and facilities.

## 6) EQUIPMENT FOR FISH PROCESSING AND PRESERVATION IN FISHING SHIPS.

- Fish Handling, Processing and Preservation Equipment.

## 7) SHIPBUILDING INDUSTRY.

- Shipbuilding.
- Products and equipment for shipbuilding naval maintenance & offshore.

## 8) INDUSTRIA AUXILIAR. FISH PROCESSORS AND AUXILIARY INDUSTRY.

- Machinery

## 9) OTHER SEA RELATED ACTIVITIES.

- Aquiaculture.
- Harbours.
- Other activities related to the naval sector.
- Lifeboats for Marine Service.

## 10) NAUTICAL:

- Sailing boats and motor boats.
- Pneumatic sailing.
- Boats, Canoes.
- Windsurfing.
- Aquatic motorcycle.
- Engines and accesories.
- Accesories for sailing boats.
- Electric Systems.
- Nautical Sport wear.
- Complementary services.
- Harbours and Nautical Clubs.

Commit message:

fix ugly appearance of tech list

templates/public/feira/2015/sectores-en.md, after:

# Technological List Expomar 2015

## 1) Engine room.

- Drive equipment.
- Diesel Engine Components.
- Equipment and accesories for Diesel Engines.
- Engineroom Equipment.
- Fluid transfer equipment and components.

## 2) Equipment for deck, hull and cargo.

- Deck equipment.
- Equipment and elements for hull, masrting and rigging.
- Fishing tackles, equipment and accesories.

## 3) Naval electricity and electronics.

- Naval Electricity.
- Navigation aid equipment.
- Navegation systems.

## 4) Outfit of accommodation.

- Accommodation and air conditioning.

## 5) Special equipment for ships.

- Special equipment and facilities.

## 6) Equipment for fish processing and preservation in fishing ships.

- Fish Handling, Processing and Preservation Equipment.

## 7) Shipbuilding industry.

- Shipbuilding.
- Products and equipment for shipbuilding naval maintenance & offshore.

## 8) Fish processors and auxiliary industry.

- Machinery

## 9) Other sea related activities.

- Aquiaculture.
- Harbours.
- Other activities related to the naval sector.
- Lifeboats for Marine Service.

## 10) Nautical.

- Sailing boats and motor boats.
- Pneumatic sailing.
- Boats, Canoes.
- Windsurfing.
- Aquatic motorcycle.
- Engines and accesories.
- Accesories for sailing boats.
- Electric Systems.
- Nautical Sport wear.
- Complementary services.
- Harbours and Nautical Clubs.
